
 
Bob MacLean
Looking for an agency to outsource web development to
Tuesday
Tuesday
9:26 AM
Sumit Puri sent the proposal
Hi there

Thanks for this wonderful opportunity!

Trigma is a fusion of two words which also form our corporate slogan ‘Triggering Imagination’. The power of human Imagination is the single most important factor that has enabled man to transform the world with continuous innovation. We salute this spirit are constantly powered with ‘Triggering Imagination’.

About Our Organization:
-------------------------------
I take immense pleasure in introducing to you Trigma Solution Pvt LTD,

We have around 150 experts at our prime office stationed at Chandigarh and have around 10 experts at our overseas office US. We are in the process of expansion internationally.

We are aimed towards providing end to end IT solutions and advisory services to clients ranging from Enterprises in India to hot start-ups of the Silicon Valley. Our sole aim is to provide exquisite and quality solutions to our customers and the relentless pursuit of 100% customer satisfaction.

For better knowledge about our services and achievements in the past, Please visit : http://trigma.com/

We have a very fast paced environment with a ‘get it done’ culture of like-minded individuals that embody the ‘customer first’ mindset.

Our Senior Developers are "innovative problem solvers" that embrace change and see problems as an opportunity.

Please visit our Esteemed Clients: http://trigma.com/about-us/our-esteemed-clients.html

I would like to arrange a personal introductory session to further emphasize on the services of our company and the value you can get from our cooperation. Please, inform me whether it is convenient for you to have an introductory session.

For initial level discussion, you can reach me at: trigma.101

We all are looking forward to hearing from you soon!
With Warm Regards,
View details
9:26 AM
Bob MacLean
Dear Applicant,

My apologies for taking so long to get to this point. I have been overwhelmed with the response to my ad for a website development team. Of course, there are a lot who are either under or in some cases over qualified, but it still takes time to review them all.

I am pleased to inform you that I have selected you and your team for further review. You appear to have the people and skills that I am looking for.

Here's more detail on how I propose to work together:

I am looking to work with an agency in a white label arrangement. I want to use this agency as my in-house development group. The main goal here is to land new client development contracts. I will also be developing clients on a broader, business-first basis, and part of my overall solution will be to create or enhance their online presence.

From a billing perspective, I will be the sole point of contact. All talk of money, prices, payments and more will come from me. I am looking for a group to work with who can provide me with a cost to me for a given project so that I can add my margin and present it to the client.

In the initial stages of creating the proposal for a project, I will arrange one or more meetings with the client and will participate as the project lead. I will also want the lead from your agency to participate as well, asking whatever questions are necessary in order to understand the work and to produce a quote for me.

I will then create a project proposal for the client. Some of the technical content of that proposal may come from you. The pricing of that proposal will be your price to me plus my margin.

Once the client accepts the proposal, we'll have a project kickoff meeting where I'll participate again as the project lead. In this meeting though, I'll make sure that the client understands that the day to day work is being led by your contact. While I will never fully back away from the project, I will remove myself from the regular work and let your team do what they need to do. I expect to be copied on all client correspondence, and receive a weekly status report as well. At all times I expect the client to see me as the project lead, and that the work is being done by my organization.

Are you good with working in this way? If this isn't a style of working that your group can do, or isn't prepared to accept, please let me know. If you ARE still interested, I'd like some more input from you now.


Are you willing to work with the wholesale / retail pricing structure I outlined above?


Are you prepared to do this work under the banner of my company?


Is your project lead available during North American business hours for project meetings and client contact?


How quickly is your team able to produce a project plan and pricing?


When a project is accepted by the client, how quickly can work begin?


My overall objective is to deliver high value to my clients. While I do not expect top quality work to be delivered at rock bottom prices, can you give me some idea of how you will deliver value?


Some of the projects that will be undertaken will be very large online commerce sites, but there will be many small, or even tiny projects as well. Are you willing and able to provide high value support to work of all sizes?


At the present time, I am looking for an agency to do new project development. If I should require it, is your agency interested and willing to provide monthly support to these sites as well?


NEXT STEPS

I will be using the answers above in addition to the answers you provided previously to further reduce the size of the shortlist. If you are successful in reaching the next level, you will be invited to a hangout meeting where I will answer all questions that the remaining agencies have regarding this work. After this meeting, I will receive a final proposal from each agency still interested.

With these final proposals, I will select a small number of finalists and will set an interview time with each.

From the interviews, I will select one or possibly two agencies to work with. This agency or these agencies will be assigned several client projects to work on with me. These projects may not come all at once - that depends on the current workload. After a small number of successful projects, I will create a longer term arrangement with the winning agency.


Thank you again for your interest. I wish you and your group great success in this opportunity and all the others you may find. Please reply to my questions above at your earliest convenience so that we may move as quickly as possible through this process.

Sincerely,

Bob MacLean
10:44 AM
Sumit Puri
Hi Bob,

Thank you for considering our job application and writing back. We are really happy to know that we are among the first cut you have shortlisted for further review before making a final decision.

Before, I move any further and answer your questions one by one, I would like to share my instance of understanding for business model we will be working on if our team is selected to work with you on the current and upcoming projects.

You are willing to hire agency to work with you as your technical partners on all the current and upcoming projects from your further clients. We would be more than happy to get involved in this arrangement wherein our Engineering team will be working in background while the project lead/project coordinator will be communicating directly with you/your further client under your agency/business name. You will be part of the project executing team from the very first level of idea refinement to project planning through project execution and project delivery. Our project coordinator/project manager will demonstrate the deliverable to you and client on regular basis. During the complete project life cycle you will be part of the project and will be copied on all the emails sent to the client. Daily status reports coupled with weekly demonstration of deliverable through screen share on Skype will be preferred to make sure we are developing the solution par clients expectations and our project manager can pen down the feedback in run time. Our project managers/project coordinators are happy to assist you during your business hours and would be glad to be part of the project discussion call with the client too. Project kick off meeting will also be taken care of as per the process.

Our team will put together proposals for you as well so that you can present them to the further client being project lead and get the approval. All the technical information, project plan, nominated team structure for the project, timeline, cost and milestones will be shared with you and you can further add the cost to it as your margin.

I believe we are on same page when it comes to understanding the business model we two (Trigma and You) will be following for each project. If you think there is some disparity between thoughts mentioned above and actual arrangement between us, please correct me.

Those being said below are the answers to your questions:

a. Yes, we are comfortable working the way you have specified in the message. Actually since the last 3 years we are already working on a dedicated team model for couple of our clients in US. Their team includes the technology geeks with different skill sets. These team members work in the client’s time zone. All the clients who have a dedicated team working for them are the project consultants/middle men who further have their customers. So we work on exactly the same business model with them as mentioned above. Our team is well equipped to work under these terms and conditions.

b. Yes, as mentioned in point #a we are already working with couple of clients under the same arrangement so working with you on this wholesale billing model will not be an issue.

c. Yes, you can generate couple of emails for the team and all the communications will be handled via them. We will work under your agency name and our company name will not be revealed.

d. Yes, project manager/project coordinator will be available during your business hours to discuss the projects and stay available for the client calls.

e. Putting together a project plan and effort estimation sheet depends on the magnitude of the project, R&D involved and feasibility analysis. We consider project and products as two different entities. It takes us 2 days time to put together proposal for project while a week time in case of product. For you to better understand different between project and product is that a project is well classified and has a definite scope while product is something that is likely to evolve with time and we need to deliver a MVP (minimum viable product) during each deliverable/sprint cycle. For e.g. designing and developing a website is a project while developing a solution similar to facebook is product as it is likely to evolve (add features) over period of time so we can’t define complete set of features in the very early stage.

f. Once the project is awarded, project kick off meeting with client will be done. As soon as the meeting is completed, in next 8 hours project will be kicked off. During these 8 hours our project coordinator will have couple meetings with the nominated team members for the project to effectively transfer the knowledge and expectations of client.

g. You can say that we are another company with the technical skill sets available in-house but our key differentiator is that we align ourselves towards the client success. We follow a streamlined approach wherein stakeholder interviews are conducted to understand the requirements and expectations. Based on the understanding, project scope is defined and user cases are written. After approval on the scope from the client, project execution plan, milestones and financials are defined. On delivery of a milestones, we showcase live demo to client through screen share and a video cast is shared as well so that client understands the flow and our deliverable well before trying it out at his end and sharing feedback. Honestly this really works and ultimate result which is client satisfaction is met. Code structure is highly professional and is per the International standards. We are ISO certified company and will soon be CMMI level ready.

h. Yes, we are happy to work on all the project sizes.

i. Please share the project requirements with us and we would like to get involved with you on the current assignment and showcase you our capabilities.

Hope I have answered all your questions. If you still have any concern or require us to elaborate on any of the above mentioned points, please drop us a line here.

Also, we have some questions for you and would like to voice them during the next step wherein we can talk on Skype/Hangout.

We look forward to be your off-shore technical partners.

Regards,
Sumit
Wednesday
11:54 AM
Sumit Puri
Hi Bob,

Hope you are doing well.

We are assuming our previous message had made it to your private message board over Upwork and you might have read the details shared as well.

We would really appreciate if you could please acknowledge the receive receipt or please let me know if you have any additional question for us. We would be more than happy to assist you with further details.

Also, I would like to walk you through the detailed process that we follow since the time we start discussion with the client through development to launch and post launch services.

For all the projects no matter what the magnitude or size is, we always start with stake holder interview. This stake holder interview is meant to understand the client better, get to know his expectations, discuss the requirements and further bake the idea with our technical recommendations to take it to maturity. Once the stake holder interview is complete, we internally discuss the idea in detail and further refine it. This stage is said to be idea refinement and conceptualization phase.

Later a non-functional scope of work document in layman terms in put together and shared with client for his approval/feedback. Once the scope of work is approved a technical specification document/functional requirements document is written as well. This document is considered to be as technical overview of the complete project that a client may need with the delivery of code that we have written for him on project completion.

Side by side, project coordinator defines a proposal, project road map, estimate the efforts, decide the milestones and deliverable and finally submit the same to client along side a contract.

As the proposal is approved by client and contract is signed, team with requisite skill set is nominated to work on the project. During the design and development cycle, approved scope is considered as bible and is followed very seriously. Any major change requested by client is charged on actuals and is considered as out of scope object.

Going further, wire frame are designed, UX is defined and UI is put in place. HTML slicing is done followed by responsiveness. Testing team tests the HTML and CSS quality across browsers and report the issues if found. Here onwards, development is kicked off and team is passed over the execution plan which is time bound.

In time and with quality project is made live on the server, complete code is shared with the client, designs files are zipped and shared as well along with the code document.

For a period of one month team monitors the solution on live server and fix the bug if any and later annual maintenance contract is signed.

During the project life cycle, daily status updates are shared with client and a demo call to show the progress is conducted by end of the week.

I hope the complete process makes sense to you. I would like to talk more about our organization, team structure, skill sets and work methodology with you in detail over Skype/Hangout.

Please let me know a good time to talk to you.

My Skype: trigma.101

Look forward to your message.

Regards,
Sumit
Today
11:11 AM
Sumit Puri
Hi Bob,

I believe you have read the details shared in my previous messages. It would be appreciated if you could please acknowledge the messages and share your feedback. Based on your feedback, we would be able to define the further steps.

Moving ahead, here are couple of questions for you.

a. How soon are we planning to get engaged under a contract for the above said business model?
b. Do you currently have any project(s) to be discussed, scoped and budgeted?
c. Based on the information shared this far, are we in running?
d. What are the next steps from here?

Please let me know if we can talk on Skype/Upwork/Hangout. I am pretty much available over the weekend as well.

My Skype: trigma.101

I look forward to speak to you.

Regards,
Sumit

